h1. Rails on Git

A collection of git hooks that support Rails-specific workflows.

h2. Hooks

Currently there is only one hook:

h3. commit-msg

Does three things:

* If you're about to commit a *new migration*, prepends [MIGRATION] to your
  commit message.  This makes other developers more likely to notice, and
  should hopefully reduce the incidence of conversations that end with "Oh I
  didn't notice there were new migrations to run".
  It could also be used by other hooks, e.g. to automatically run migrations
  that are encountered during a merge.

* If you're committing *changes to an existing migration*, prepends
  [MIGRATION MODIFIED] to your commit message.  This is deliberately clunky,
  because changing migrations is probably going to cause problems for anyone
  who's already run that migration.  Assuming you didn't push your changes
  between introducing the migration and modifying it, you can avoid this
  message by rebase-squashing the modification into the commit that introduced
  the migration, which is probably the polite thing to do anyway.

* If you have a *new untracked migration* (i.e. one you still need to
  @git add@), prints out a big scary warning message when you commit anything.
  This is to catch the case when you commit a bunch of changes but forget to
  add the migration, then everything breaks when someone else gets the changes.

h2. Installation

<pre>
<code>
git clone git://github.com/samstokes/rails_on_git.git
cp rails_on_git/hooks/* $YOUR_PROJECT_ROOT/.git/hooks
</code>
</pre>

(It seems a bit grandiose to call that an installation procedure really...)
